CLOUD-2914 Upload and Deploy Application through PCL (#3)
payara/cloud-deploy: README.md

This repository contains a GitHub Action to automate the deployment of your application to Payara Cloud using the Payara Cloud CLI (PCL). The action allows you to deploy a .war file to Payara Cloud by specifying various parameters like the subscription id, namespace, app name, and artifact location.

### Features
- Upload artifacts to Payara Cloud.
- Deploy Java applications to Payara Cloud. 

---
## Prerequisites

> Make sure to include `actions/setup-java` in your workflow to install and configure Java.

Reviewer: There's java available in the runner already isn't it?

Author: no, I am not adding the jdk programmatically. So, it must be added to the workflow

Reviewer: There is JDK 8, 11, 17 and 21 installed on standard github runner: https://github.com/actions/runner-images/blob/main/images/ubuntu/Ubuntu2404-Readme.md#java, therefore it is not necessary to explicitly install java unless you want the latest version or specific JVM vendor (which we do, but general user doesn't need to).

```yaml
name: Set up JDK
uses: actions/setup-java@v4
with:

>   java-version: '11'

Reviewer: If we're suggesting a version let it be 21

  distribution: 'zulu'
```

## Inputs

- `token`: **Required**. The Payara Cloud CLI token. You can create a token by running `pcl login --print-token` and following the instructions.
- `subscription_name`: **Optional**. Only required if your account has access to multiple subscriptions. Provide the subscription name to specify which subscription to use.
- `namespace`: **Required**. The namespace under which your app will be deployed (e.g., your-namespace). 

> - `app_name`: **Required**. The name of the app to deploy (e.g., your-app). 

Reviewer: app_name is optional, it will be infered from the .war file. (actually, Namespace is optional as well, but let's not go overboard :))

- `artifact_location`: **Required**. The path to the .war file to deploy (e.g., ./target/my-app.war).

> - `deploy`: **Optional**. Set to 'true' to deploy the application after uploading the artifact. Default is 'true'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `deploy`: **Optional**. Set to `false` if the application should only be uploaded to Payara Cloud, but not deployed. Default is `true`.
```

- `pcl_version`: **Optional**. The version of the Payara Cloud CLI to use. Default is '1.1.0'.

## Example Usage

```yaml
uses: payara/actions/cloud-deploy@v1
with:
    token: ${{ secrets.PCL_TOKEN }}
    subscription_name: 'your-subscription-name'
    namespace: 'your-namespace'
    app_name: 'your-app'
    artifact_location: 'your-artifact.war'

>     deploy: 'true'

Reviewer: `true` or `'true'`? Those are unfortunately two very different things in YAML, especially when they're guarded by a schema.

Author: let me verify it

Author: yes, we can use boolean value
